>> Brian Holt: So
now we're gonna go back to App.js.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're going to import | Router | from
"@reach/router"; and
due to the magics of Parcel,
this will just magically appear for us.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and now what we're
gonna do is we're going to surround
Results with the Router.
>> Brian Holt: Like so.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
we're also gonna pull in Details.
So this is another one
of my favorite features
about,
>> Brian Holt: VS code in particular.
Notice that I haven't actually
imported Details up here.
But I just started writing import Details.
And if I just hit Enter,
it's not only going to autocomplete this.
But if you look above,
it'll actually add import Details as well.
So if I hit Enter,
notice it just came from Details as well.
>> Brian Holt: That's pretty compelling,
in my opinion.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, the last thing we
need to do is we need to give them a path,
as in, what URL do I need to be at to
actually hit this particular route, right?
>> Brian Holt: So
the way I'm gonna do that is path="/".
>> Brian Holt: So this means that the base
route is going to be the Results page.
>> Brian Holt: Then,
for details, I'm going
to do path="/details/".
Then I want it to have what's called
a variable parameter on the end here.
>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna put :id.
So that means anything that's /detail/
some long string of some sort,
right, is going to be passed to
Details with that id as a parameter.
>> Brian Holt: So
that's what that :id does.
>> Brian Holt: Another key difference
between React Router v4 and
Reach Router is Reach Router uses what's
called a scoring system to decide
which route to use.
So technically, / and /details,
slash technically meets
both of these requirements,
because this is considered
a child of slash, right?
If you were doing React Router, you
would have to do something like exact so
that it would have to match exactly this.
But with Reach Router,
because it uses a scoring system,
it judges this one to be of higher
salience and renders only that one.
Which is really convenient, believe me.
Having written in React Router for
a while, this is really quite nice.
You don't have to do anything like switch.
Switch only allows you to
render one thing at a time.
There's a lot of conveniences
to Reach Router.
So now if I go over to my browser, like
it should be, it's still on this page.
But if I go to /details/1,
notice that I go to my other route.